Meeting 2
This meeting took place on 12th Feb at 2:00pm in the QMB Lab 2. 

Next meeting: 20th Thursday 2025 at 11:00. 

We discussed the need to do GitHub Reviews. 

• Commits are to be reviewed by another team member. 

• We will document and suggest improvements to others' works through GitHub. 

Design

• In terms of the design, we discussed that we might want to use  bold colours for the header (details not completely thought out yet and can be discussed in the Lab or Whatsapp). 

• We decided on 1 CSS page, which we will all have a part in editing. 

• HTML — each person should claim a subject heading and do a page. 

• Then, we discussed that we would merge things on individual branches onto the main branch. 

• People will review this before merging to the main branch. 

In the previous meeting:

Giri provided us/found 2 fonts: 
These were: 

1) https://www.cdnfonts.com/pricedown.font

and 

2) https://www.cdnfonts.com/rage-italic.font

We have also decided that in the lab on the 13th Feb 2025, we can ask Femi about using frameworks/other questions. 

What pages (or content) we want from the Wikipedia page and who is in charge of which page (this has been decided): 

1) Home page — Giri. 

2) About page — Iain. 

3) Development — Luyen. 

4) Reception — Tom. 

5) Legacy — Beth. 

Pull the content from the GTA: Vice City wikipedia. 

Luyen suggested that we should do references in the footer instead of a references page. 


Body Text/Content:

• We did not come to a complete conclusion on font size. 

• However, we did say that we will use a “placeholder” font size, like 11, 12, 13… for the content. 

• Then, in our next meeting, we will decide on a specific font size, once we know how this looks. 


Colour Scheme:

• Tom and Luyen tried finding colour schemes for the GTA theme, but we have not completely agreed on a specific shade of colour scheme. 


Framework:

• Giri made a framework from Bootstrap. 

• Because of this we will build from Giri’s template, which should have been uploaded to GitHub. 


Now a CSS style page has been made, we all need to review it (add changes) and etc (to build on it). 

Iain left a comment on Giri's work. 

We decided we would do some of the work over the weekend and througout the break before our next meeting 
(we should complete like a skeleton of our own pages before we get together for our next meeting and hash out the details and make sure we stick to a global style or fonts/colours/font size, etc.)
